hi everyone this is daniel from
thank you for joining to Korea today we
can be doing something that is
afro-caribbean eccentric and just
beautiful and stunning how inspired to
do this video just because I know at the
end of March it's going to be
spiritually shout about the station and
bagel and I wanted to do something that
was kind of inspired by that but that
was still me it's the brightness or
colorful so I got a bite turquoise
that's mom and some white flowers and
I'm going to do something that's really
rich just uses both cultures together so
I hope you enjoy it so first we're going
to prime my eyelid area with Too Faced
shadow insurance on your parent upper
eyelid area as well as putting on a
little bit on the lower lash line my
first pigment is from Daphne Bartlett
and it's called glowing copper and this
was a pigment that was available
internet have many years ago I don't
know if still available now so you can
use anything that you have similar
that's just a very gluey gould color and
i'm putting that on with a shader brush
and the first third of my eyelid area
going up into the crease and planet
layer over layer to really get the most
out of it next is a chocolate colored
pigment and this one is from mark I'm
putting it on the second half of the
eyelid area up into the crease and
blending it with Mitch obviously called
the shipping right number 44 is a matte
black and I'm putting this on with a
pencil brush on the outer corner of the
eye so you can add some dimension to
look going up into the crease as well
and then blend in that outfit of
blending brush from Sigma so this whole
look the tree color should just be well
blended and blend in on the topic of the
colors as well no harsh lines for my
highlight color I'm using Sun Goddess by
Milani I'm putting it on with a large
shader brush right under the arch of the
brow I'm going to line my eyes now and
instead of making it thicker at the
outer corner I'm making it then at the
end of the outer corner and thickest in
the center of the eye and this will give
the a or more rounded I sheep the eyes
look big and wide and beautiful museum
drag open liquor is a pencil and I'm
putting this in my waterline it's a
smooth creamy pencil and I'm going to
put that on the lower lash line as well
after doing that and blending it out of
this pencil brush underneath that I'm
putting milania's aqua liquefying
metallic eye pencil underneath the black
and bring it very low on the lower lash
line and I'm just imagine it and blend
it in with the block with my finger so
I'm applying smudging appliance imagine
until I get the desired effect in the
inner corner museum and the one from
they liquefy pencils and this one is in
gold I'm going to straighten the inner
corner just to get them brightness to
look after putting on my foundation i'm
going to sculpt my cheeks now with iris
doesn't nutmeg and i'm using this from
the heart of matrix up onto the cheek
bone itself going to line my lips with
red flush from santee lip liner and the
pinkish red color and i'm just going to
blend the color of the lip liner in with
a lip brush and this is prepping for
Bougainville lip lipstick that i'm using
from sasha cosmetics and that is the
finished look and i hope you like it I
think it's really pretty very striking
and let me zoom in now so that you can
see the lips and you can see the eyes
and you can see the eyes are bright and
bold and dual looking I really wanted to
express richness and luxury as well as
you know colorful decadence that's how I
would describe it so I really hope you
like it and I put on some false lashes
as well from cherry blossom number 01
this is the entire look the pink titled
The Dig Caribbean flower color and the
aqua
the headband thank you so much for
watching bye bye